fix(): Add workspaceFolder to Jupyter PYTHONPATH (#44)
konstellation-io/kdl-project-template: README.md

├── lib           <- Importable functions used by analysis notebooks and processes scripts
├── runtimes      <- Code for generating deployment runtimes (.krt)
├── .drone.yml    <- Instructions for Drone runners
├── .gitignore
├── .pre-commit-config.yaml
└── Pipfile       <- Global dependencies
└── Pipfile.lock
└── pytest.ini    <- Pytest configuration
├── README.md     <- Main README
├── setup.cfg
├── sonar-project.properties
```

> The `processes` subdirectory contains as its subdirectories the various separate processes (`prepare_data`, etc.), which can be tought of as nodes of an analysis graph. Each of these processes contains:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `processes` subdirectory contains separate processes (`prepare_data`, etc.), which can be considered nodes of an analysis graph. Each of these processes contains the following:
```

    - refs/tags/run-example-*
```

> To **launch the execution** of this pipeline on Drone runners, push a tag containing the name matching the defined trigger to the remote repository. In this case, the tag pattern is `run-example-*`, therefore to launch the execution run the following commands in the Terminal: `git tag run-example-v0 && git push origin run-example-v0`. For more information and examples, see the section Launching experiment runs (Drone) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To **launch the execution** of this pipeline on Drone or GitHub runners, push a tag containing the name matching the defined trigger to the remote repository. In this case, the tag pattern is `run-example-*`, therefore to launch the execution run the following commands in the Terminal: `git tag run-example-v0 && git push origin run-example-v0`. For more information and examples, see the section Launching experiment runs (Drone) below.
```

The **results of executions** are stored in MLflow. In the example of training traditional ML models, we are only tracking one parameter (the name of the classifier)and one metric (the obtained validation accuracy). In the PyTorch neural network training example, we are tracking the same metric (validation accuracy) for comparisons, but a different set of hyperparameters, such as learning rate, batch size, number of epochs etc. In a real-world project, you are likely to be tracking many more parameters and metrics of interest.

> The connection to MLflow to log these parameters and metrics is established via the code in the [main.py](lab/processes/train_standard_classifiers/main.py) and with the environment variables in [.drone.yml](.drone.yml). For more information on MLflow tracking, see the section "Logging experiment results (MLflow)" below. To see the tracked experiments, visit the MLflow tool UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connection to MLflow to log these parameters and metrics is established via the code in [main.py](lab/processes/train_standard_classifiers/main.py) and with the environment variables in [.drone.yml](.drone.yml). For more information on MLflow tracking, see the section "Logging experiment results (MLflow)" below. To see the tracked experiments, visit the MLflow tool UI.
```

  PYTHONPATH: /drone/src/lab
```

`/drone/src` is the location where Drone runner clones the repository, and `lab` is the name of the laboratory section of our repository which includes `lib`. This allows importing library functions directly from the Python script that is executed in the runner, for instance:

```python
from lib.viz import plot_confusion_matrix
```

> To see a working example, refer to the existing `application-examples` pipeline defined in .drone.yml (the PyTorch example pipeline uses library imports in `processes/pytorch_example/main.py`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see a working example, refer to the existing `application-examples` pipeline defined in [.drone.yml](.drone.yml) (the PyTorch example pipeline uses library imports in `processes/pytorch_example/main.py`).
```

## Launching experiment runs (Drone)

> To enable full tracability and reproducibility, all executions that generate results or artifacts (e.g. processed datasets, trained models, validation metrics, plots of model validation, etc.) are run on Drone runners instead of the user's Jupyter or Vscode tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable full traceability and reproducibility, all executions that generate results or artifacts (e.g. processed datasets, trained models, validation metrics, plots of model validation, etc.) are run on Drone runners instead of the user's Jupyter or Vscode tools.
```

This way, any past execution can always be traced to the exact version of the code that was run (`VIEW SOURCE </>` in the UI of the Drone run)
and the runs can be reproduced with a click of the button in the UI of the Drone run (`RESTART`).

> The event that launches a pipeline execution is defined by the trigger specified in .drone.yml. An example is shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event that launches a pipeline execution is defined by the trigger specified in [.drone.yml](.drone.yml). An example is shown below:
```

git push origin process-data-v0
```

Note: If using an external repository (e.g. hosted on Github), a delay in synchronization between Gitea and the mirrored external repo may cause a delay in launching the pipeline on the Drone runners. This delay can be overcome by manually forcing a synchronization of the repository in the Gitea UI Settings.

### Docker images for experiments & trainings

> In the `drone.yml` file you can specify the image that to be used for each pipeline step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `drone.yml` file you can specify the image to be used for each pipeline step.
```

### Data for testing

> Integration tests (and some unit tests) require the existence of a dataset to be able to run. This temporary dataset is provided to such tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration tests (and some unit tests) require the existence of a dataset to be able to run. This temporary dataset is provided for such tests
```
